Classes:
CelestialBody
    Star
    Planet
        Moon

Make each CelestialBody have an
    attribute name, an
    attribute informational text associated with each Planet object, an
    attribute display size constant that will be used (ChatGPT), and an
    attribute position that is variable but has an initial value.

Make each Planet additionally have an
    attribute velocity that is variable, an
    attribute mass that is constant, a
    method that calculates the force acting on that planet for each step, a
    method that changes the velocity of the object based on the forces acting on the corresponding planet, and a
    method that changes the position of the object.

Main:
Instantiate Star, Planet, and Moon objects with informational text associated with each planet, default 
positions, and constant masses.

Using raylib,
    Start displaying objects in the GUI,
    cause the objects to continue to be displayed as their position changes, and
    cause the informational text for each object be displayed when the cursor hovers over each object.

For each step of time,
    for each Planet,
        Update physics by
            Calculating the force on the planet,
            Using the calculated forces to calculate the velocities of each planet, and
            Use the calculated velocites to change the position of each planet,
        Render the Planet using raylib (ChatGPT), and
        If the mouse is hovering over the Planet, display the informational text for the Planet (ChatGPT).

// ChatGPT
It will probably be simpler to calculate the force on each planet to be the force exerted on it by the
sun except for the earth and the moon, which could also include the force those two bodies exert on each
other.

Checking whether the cursor is hovering over a CelestialBody object could be a class method which checks
whether the cursor is within a certain radius of the object.

It may be good to initially program the orbits to be circular for simplicity before programming them to be
eliptical.

// Questions
Is it useful to include a Star class useful?
Could classes Planet and Moon be combined into class Orbiter?